### accurate source of AWS pricing information
> AWS online documentation relating to a particular service

### up-to-date list of service limits AWS documentation URL
> https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/aws_service_limits.html

### Cost Explorer **
> this tool lets you design graphs within the browser interface to track your account spending[^1]

### AWS Simple Monthly Calculator limitation
> bot all AWS services are included[^2]

### Free Tier has this tools to ensure you won’t accidentally run past your limit and incur unwanted costs
- automated email alerts when activity approaches the Free Tier limits
- the Top Free Tier Services by Usage section on the Billing & Cost Management Dashboard

### main difference between the goals of Cost Explorer and of cost and usage reports
> Cost Explorer displays visualizations of high-level historical and current account costs, while cost and usage reports generate granular usage reports in CSV format

### AWS Total Cost of Ownership Calculator parameters is likely to have the greatest impact on cost
- number of servers[^3]

### the main goal for creating a Usage budget type (in AWS Budgets)
> To track particular categories of resource consumption[^4]

### will always be cost-free even after your account’s Free Tier has expired
- 10 GB of data retrievals from Amazon Glacier per month
- 10 custom monitoring metrics and 10 alarms on Amazon CloudWatch

### **Billing & Cost Management Dashboard**
> best place to get a quick summary of this month’s spend for your account[^5]

### cost allocation tags
> To help you identify resources for the purpose of tracking your account spending[^6]

### AWS Total Cost of Ownership Calculator parameters[^7]
- Labor costs
- Networking costs
- Electricity costs

### one possible reason for AWS service limits
> To prevent individual customers from accidentally launching a crippling level of resource consumption

### AWS Organizations use cases[^8]
- A single company with multiple AWS accounts that wants a single place to administrate everything
- A company that’s integrated some operations with an upstream vendor

### Cost budgets settings[^9]
- Period (monthly, quarterly, etc.)
- Instance type
- Start and stop dates

### is it always possible to request service limit increases from AWS?[^10]
> No. Some service limits are hard.

### will probably affect the pricing for an AWS service**[^11]
- AWS Region
- The volume of data saved to an S3 bucket
- The volume of data egress from an Amazon Glacier vault

### for EC2 instance resources you can include while remaining within the Free Tier[^12]
-  t2.micro instance type EC2 instance
-  A 30 GB solid-state Elastic Block Store (EBS) drive

### EC2 services can be used without charge under the Free Tier
> t2.micro EC2 instance type instances for a total of 750 hours per month[^13]

### Simple Monthly Calculator selections will likely have an impact on most other configuration choices on the page
- Free Usage Tier
- Choose Region


[^1]: Budgets are used to set alerts. Reports provide CSV-formatted data for offline processing. Consolidated Billing (now migrated to AWS Organizations) is for administrating resources across multiple AWS accounts.
[^2]: You can, in fact, calculate costs for a multiservice stack. The calculator pricing is kept up-to-date. You can specify very detailed configuration parameters.
[^3]: The currency, the guest OS and region you choose it’s relatively a minor difference.
[^4]: **Reservation budgets** track the status of any active reserved instances on your account. **Cost budgets** monitor costs being incurred against your account.
[^5]: The Cost Explorer and Cost and Usage Reports pages provide more in-depth and/or customized details. Budgets allow you to set alerts based on usage.
[^6]: Tags are passive, so they can’t automatically trigger anything. Resource tags—not cost allocation tags—are meant to help you understand and control deployments.
[^7]: The calculator covers all significant costs associated with an on-premises deployment.
[^8]: Companies with multiple users of resources in a single AWS account would not benefit from AWS Organizations, nor would a company with completely separated units. The value of AWS Organizations is in integrating the administration of related accounts.
[^9]: you can’t filter by **resource owner**.
[^10]: While most service limits are soft and can be raised on request, there are some service limits that are absolute.
[^11]: Pricing will normally change based on the volume of service units you consume and, often, between AWS Regions.
[^12]: S3 buckets—while available in such volumes under the Free Tier—are not necessary for an EC2 instance. Since the maximum total EBS space allowed by the Free Tier is 30 GB, two 20 GB would not be covered.
[^13]: Only the t2.micro instance type is Free Tier–eligible, and any combination of t2.micro instances can be run up to a total of 750 hours per month.