### AWS region designation?[^1]
> us-west-2

### Which of the following is an AWS Region for which customer access is restricted?
> AWS GovCloud[^2]

### AWS Regions
> EC2 instances will automatically launch into the Region you currently have selected. [^3]

### Which of the following are not globally based AWS services?[^4]
- RDS
- EC2

### Which of the following would be a valid endpoint your developers could use to access a particular Relational Database Service instance you’re running in the Northern Virginia Region?
> rds.us-east-1.amazonaws.com[^5]

### What are the most significant architectural benefits of the way AWS designed its Regions[^6]
-  It can make applications available to end users with lower latency.
- It can make applications more compliant with local regulations.

### Why is it that most AWS resources are tied to a single Region
>  Because those resources are run on a physical device, and that device must live somewhere[^7]

### You want to improve the resilience of your EC2 web server. Which of the following is the most effective and efficient approach?
> Launch parallel, load-balanced instances in multiple Availability Zones within a single AWS Region[^8]

### Which of the following is the most accurate description of an AWS Availability Zone?
> One or more independently powered data centers running a wide range of hardware host types[^9]

### Which of the following most accurately describes a subnet within the AWS ecosystem?
> The block of IP addresses assigned for use within a single Availability Zone[^10]

### What determines the order by which subnets/AZ options are displayed in EC2 configuration dialogs?
> They (appear) to be displayed in random order[^11]

### What is the primary goal of auto scaling?
> To ensure that a predefined service level is maintained regardless of external demand or instance failures[^12]

### Which of the following design strategies is most effective for maintaining the reliability of a cloud application?
> Resource redundancy[^13]

### Which of the following AWS services are not likely to benefit from Amazon edge locations?
- RDS
- Elastic Block Store (EBS)

### Which of the following is the primary benefit of using CloudFront distributions?
> Reduced latency access to your content no matter where your end users live[^14]

### What is the main purpose of Amazon Route 53?
> Managing domain name registration and traffic routing[^15]

### According to the AWS Shared Responsibility Model, which of the following are responsibilities of AWS?[^16]
- The security of the cloud
- Patching underlying virtualization software running in AWS data centers

### According to the AWS Shared Responsibility Model, what’s the best way to define the status of the software driving an AWS managed service
> Whatever the customer can control (application code and/or configuration settings) is the customer’s responsibility[^17]

### Which of the following is one of the first places you should look when troubleshooting a failing application?
> Service Health Dashboard

### Where will you find information on the limits AWS imposes on the ways you can use your account resources?
> AWS Acceptable Use Policy[^18]


[^1]: The letter (a, b...) at the end of a designation indicates an Availability Zone.
[^2]: The AWS GovCloud Region is restricted to authorized customers only.
[^3]: You can manually select the subnet that’s associated with a particular Availability Zone for your new EC2 instance, but there’s no default choice
[^4]: Relational Database Service (RDS) and EC2 both use resources that can exist in only one Region. Route 53 and CloudFront are truly global services in that they’re not located in or restricted to any single AWS Region
[^5]: The correct syntax for an endpoint is ˂service-designation˃.˂region-designation˃.amazonaws.com—meaning, in this case, rds.us-east-1.amazonaws.com.
[^6]: For most uses, distributing your application infrastructure between multiple AZs within a single Region gives them sufficient fault tolerance. While AWS services do enjoy a significant economy of scale—bring prices down—little of that is due to the structure of their Regions. Lower latency and compliance are the biggest benefits from this list.
[^7]: It’s a simple matter of finding a single physical host device to run on.
[^8]: Auto scaling is an important working element of application high availability, but it’s not what most directly drives it (that’s load balancing). The most effective and efficient way to get the job done is through parallel, load-balanced instances in multiple Availability Zones, not Regions.
[^9]: “Data centers running uniform host types” would describe an edge location. The data centers within a “broad geographic area” would more closely describe an AWS Region. AZs aren’t restricted to a single data center.
[^10]: Imposing virtual networking limits on an instance would be the job of a security group or access control list. IP address blocks are not assigned at the Region level. Customers have no access to or control over AWS networking hardware.
[^11]: AWS displays AZs in (apparently) random order to prevent too many resources from being launched in too few zones.
[^12]: Auto scaling doesn’t focus on any one resource (physical or virtual) because it’s interested only in the appropriate availability and quality of the overall service. The job of orchestration is for load balancers, not autoscalers.
[^13]: Resource isolation can play an important role in security, but not reliability. Automation can improve administration processes, but neither it, nor geolocation, is the most effective reliability strategy.
[^14]: CloudFront can’t protect against spam and, while it can complement your application’s existing redundancy and encryption, those aren’t its primary purpose.
[^15]: Countering the threat of DDoS attacks is the job of AWS Shield. Protecting web applications from web-based threats is done by AWS Web Application Firewall. Using Lambda to customize CloudFront behavior is for Lambda Edge.
[^16]: What’s in the cloud is your responsibility—it includes the administration of EC2-based operating systems.
[^17]: There’s no one easy answer, as some managed services are pretty much entirely within Amazon’s sphere, and others leave lots of responsibility with the customer. Remember, “if you can edit it, you own it.”
[^18]: The correct document (and web page https://aws.amazon.com/aup/) for this information is the AWS Acceptable Use Policy.