### Which of the following credentials can you use to log into the AWS Management Console?
>  Identity and Access Management (IAM) username[^1]

### How long will your session with the AWS Management Console remain active?
> 12 hours[^2]

### While looking at the EC2 service console in the AWS Management Console while logged in as the root user, you notice all of your instances are missing. What could be the reason?
>  You’ve selected the wrong region in the navigation bar[^3]

### Which of the following is true regarding a resource tag?
>  It must have a key[^4]

### Which of the following is required to use the AWS Command Line Interface (CLI)?
> A secret key[^5]

### Which of the following are options for installing the AWS CLI on Windows 10?[^6]
- The MSI installer
- Using Python and pip

### After installing the AWS Command Line Interface, what should you do before using it to securely manage your AWS resources?
> Issue the aws configure command[^7]

### Which output format does the AWS CLI support?
> JavaScript object notation (JSON)[^8]

### Which of the following programming languages are AWS software development kits available for?[^9]
- JavaScript
- Java
- PHP

### Which of the following software development kits (SDKs) enable developers to write mobile applications that run on both Apple and Android devices? 
- AWS Mobile SDK for Unity
-  AWS Mobile SDK for .NET and Xamarin

### Which of the following programming languages are AWS Internet of Things (IoT) device software development kits available for?
- Javascript
- C++[^10]

### What’s the difference between the AWS Command Line Interface (CLI) and the AWS software development kits (SDK)[^11]
- The AWS SDKs allow you to use popular programming languages to write applications that interact with AWS services.
- The AWS CLI allows you to interact with AWS services from a terminal.

### Which of the following CloudWatch features store performance data from AWS services?
> Metrics[^12]

### For which of the following scenarios can you create a CloudWatch alarm to send a notification?
> A metric that exceeds a given threshold[^13]

### Which of the following Simple Notification Service (SNS) protocols can you use to send a notification?[^14]
- Short Message Service (SMS) text message
- Simple Queue Service (SQS)

### Which of the following are true regarding CloudWatch Events?[^15]
- It can send an SNS notification when an IAM user logs in to the AWS Management Console.
- It can shut down an EC2 instance at a specific time.

### Which of the following trigger an API action?[^16] 
- Viewing an S3 bucket from the AWS Management Console
- Listing IAM users from the AWS Command Line Interface (CLI)

### What’s the most cost-effective way to view and search only the last 60 days of management API events on your AWS account?
> Use CloudTrail event history[^17]

### You want to log every object downloaded from an S3 bucket in a specific region. You want to retain these logs indefinitely and search them easily. What’s the most cost-effective way to do this?[^18]
- Stream CloudTrail logs to CloudWatch Logs.
- Create a trail to log S3 data events.

### What is a benefit of using CloudTrail log file integrity validation?
> It lets you assert that no CloudTrail log files have been deleted from S3[^19]

[^1]: You can sign in as the root user or as an IAM user. Although you need to specify the account alias or account ID to log in as an IAM user, those are not credentials. You can’t log in to the console using an access key ID.
[^2]: Once you’re logged in, your session will remain active for 12 hours. After that, it’ll expire and log you out to protect your account.
[^3]: If a resource that should be visible appears to be missing, you may have the wrong Region selected. Since you’re logged in as the root, you have view access to all resources in your account. You don’t need an access key to use the console. You can’t select an Availability Zone in the navigation bar.
[^4]: Each resource tag you create must have a key, but a value is optional. Tags don’t have to be unique within an account, and they are case-sensitive.
[^5]: The AWS CLI requires an access key ID and secret key. You can use those of an IAM user or the root user. Outbound network access to TCP port 443 is required, not port 80. Linux is also not required, although you can use the AWS CLI with Linux, macOS, or Windows. You also can use the AWS Console Mobile Application with Android or iOS devices.
[^6]: You can use Python and the pip package manager or (with the exception of Windows Server 2008) the MSI installer to install the AWS CLI on Windows. AWS SDKs don’t include the AWS CLI. Yum and Aptitude are package managers for Linux only.
[^7]: The aws configure command walks you through setting up the AWS CLI to specify the default Region you want to use as well as your access key ID and secret key. The aws --version command displays the version of the AWS CLI installed, but running this command isn’t necessary to use the AWS CLI to manage your resources. Rebooting is also not necessary. Using your root user to manage your AWS resources is insecure, so there’s no need to generate a new access key ID for your root user.
[^8]: The AWS CLI can display output in JSON, text, or table formats. It doesn’t support CSV or TSV.
[^9]: AWS offers SDKs for JavaScript, Java, and PHP. There are no SDKs for Fortran. JSON is a format for representing data, not a programming language.
[^10]: AWS IoT device SDKs are available for C++, Python, Java, JavaScript, and Embedded C. There isn’t one available for Ruby or Swift.
[^11]: The AWS CLI is a program that runs on Linux, macOS, or Windows and allows you to interact with AWS services from a terminal. The AWS SDKs let you use your favorite programming language to write applications that interact with AWS services.
[^12]: CloudWatch metrics store performance data from AWS services. Logs store text-based logs from applications and AWS services. Events are actions that occur against your AWS resources. Alarms monitor metrics. Metric filters extract metric information from logs.
[^13]: A CloudWatch alarm monitors a metric and triggers when that metric exceeds a specified threshold. It will not trigger if the metric doesn’t change. Termination of an EC2 instance is an event, and you can’t create a CloudWatch alarm to trigger based on an event. You also can’t create an alarm to trigger based on the presence of an IP address in a web server log. But you could create a metric filter to look for a specific IP address in the log and increment a custom metric when that IP address appears in the log.
[^14]: SNS supports the SMS and SQS protocols for sending notifications. You can’t send a notification to a CloudWatch event. There is no such thing as a mobile pull notification.
[^15]: CloudWatch Events monitors events that cause changes in your AWS resources as well as AWS Management Console sign-in events. In response to an event, CloudWatch Events can take an action including sending an SNS notification or rebooting an EC2 instance. CloudWatch Events can also perform actions on a schedule. It doesn’t monitor logs or metrics.
[^16]: Viewing an AWS resource triggers an API action regardless of whether it’s done using the AWS Management Console or the AWS CLI. Configuring the AWS CLI doesn’t trigger any API actions. Logging into the AWS Management Console doesn’t trigger an API action.
[^17]: The CloudTrail event history log stores the last 90 days of management events for each Region. Creating a trail is overkill and not as cost-effective since it would involve storing logs in an S3 bucket. Streaming CloudTrail logs to CloudWatch would require creating a trail. CloudWatch Events doesn’t log management events.
[^18]: Creating a trail in the Region where the bucket exists will generate CloudTrail logs, which you can then stream to CloudWatch for viewing and searching. CloudTrail event history doesn’t log data events. CloudTrail logs global service events by default, but S3 data events are not included.
[^19]: Log file integrity validation uses cryptographic hashing to help you assert that no CloudTrail log files have been deleted from S3. It doesn’t prevent tampering or deletion and can’t tell you how a file has been tampered with. Log file integrity validation has nothing to do with CloudWatch. 