### Which type of database stores data in columns and rows?[^1]
> Relational

### Which of the following Structured Query Language (SQL) statements can you use to write data to a relational database table?[^2]
> INSERT

### Which of the following statements is true regarding nonrelational databases?[^3]
> You don’t have to define all the types of data that a table can store before adding data to it.

### What is a no-SQL database?[^4]
>  A schemaless nonrelational database

### What do new Relational Database Service (RDS) instances use for database storage?[^5]
> Elastic Block Store (EBS) volumes

### Which of the following are database engine options for Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS)?[^6]
- PostgreSQL
- Amazon Aurora

### What two databases is Amazon Aurora compatible with?[^7]
- MySQL
- PostgreSQL

### Which of the following features of Relational Database Service (RDS) can prevent data loss in the event of an Availability Zone failure?[^8]
- Multi-AZ
- Snapshots

### Which RDS database engine offers automatically expanding database storage up to 64 TB?[^9]
- Amazon Aurora

### Which of the following Relational Database Service (RDS) features can help you achieve a monthly availability of 99.95 percent?[^10]
- Multi-AZ

### What is true regarding a DynamoDB partition?[^11]
- It’s backed by solid-state drives.
- It’s replicated across multiple Availability Zones.

### What is the minimum monthly availability for DynamoDB in a single Region?[^12]
> 99.99 percent

### Which of the following statements is true regarding a DynamoDB table?[^13]
> Items in a table don’t have to have all the same attributes.

### Which configuration parameters can you adjust to improve write performance against a DynamoDB table?[^14]
- Increase write capacity units (WCU)
- Enable DynamoDB Auto Scaling

### Which DynamoDB operation is the most read-intensive?[^15]
> Scan

### Which of the following would be appropriate to use for a primary key in a DynamoDB table that stores a customer list?[^16]
> A randomly generated customer ID number

### Which type of Redshift node uses magnetic storage?[^17]
> Dense compute

### Which Redshift feature can analyze structured data stored in S3?[^18]
> Redshift Spectrum

### What is the term for a relational database that stores large amounts of structured data from a variety of sources for reporting and analysis?[^19]
> Data warehouse

### What’s the maximum amount of data you can store in a Redshift cluster when using dense storage nodes?[^20]
> 2 PB

[^1]: A relational database stores data in columns called attributes and rows called records. Nonrelational databases—including key-value stores and document stores—store data in collections or items but don’t use columns or rows.
[^2]: The SQL INSERT statement can be used to add data to a relational database. The QUERY command is used to read data. CREATE can be used to create a table but not add data to it. WRITE is not a valid SQL command.
[^3]: A nonrelational database is schemaless, meaning that there’s no need to predefine all the types of data you’ll store in a table. This doesn’t preclude you from storing data with a fixed structure, as nonrelational databases can store virtually any kind of data. A primary key is required to uniquely identify each item in a table. Creating multiple tables is allowed, but most applications that use nonrelational databases use only one table.
[^4]: A no-SQL database is another term for a nonrelational database. By definition, nonrelational databases are schemaless and must use primary keys. There’s no such thing as a schemaless relational database. No-SQL is never used to describe a relational database of any kind.
[^5]: RDS instances use EBS volumes for storage. They no longer can use magnetic storage. Instance volumes are for temporary, not database storage. You can take a snapshot of a database instance and restore it to a new instance with a new EBS volume, but an RDS instance can’t use a snapshot directly for database storage.
[^6]: PostgreSQL and Amazon Aurora are options for RDS database engines. IBM dBase and the nonrelational databases DynamoDB and Redis are not available as RDS database engines.
[^7]: Aurora is Amazon’s proprietary database engine that works with existing PostgreSQL and MySQL databases. Aurora doesn’t support MariaDB, Oracle, or Microsoft SQL Server.
[^8]: Multi-AZ and snapshots can protect your data in the event of an Availability Zone failure. Read replicas don’t use synchronous replication and may lose some data. IOPS is a measurement of storage throughput. Vertical scaling refers to changing the instance class but has nothing to do with preventing data loss.
[^9]: Amazon Aurora uses a shared storage volume that automatically expands up to 64 TB. The Microsoft SQL Server and Oracle database engines don’t offer this. Amazon Athena is not a database engine.
[^10]: Multi-AZ lets your database withstand the failure of an RDS instance, even if the failure is due to an entire Availability Zone failing. Read replicas are a way to achieve horizontal scaling to improve performance of database reads but don’t increase availability. Point-in-time recovery allows you to restore a database up to a point in time but doesn’t increase availability.
[^11]: A partition is an allocation of storage backed by solid-state drives and replicated across multiple Availability Zones. Tables are stored across partitions, but tables do not contain partitions. A primary key, not a partition, is used to uniquely identify an item in a table.
[^12]: The minimum monthly availability for DynamoDB is 99.99 percent in a single Region. It’s not 99.95 percent, 99.9 percent, or 99.0 percent.
[^13]: Items in a DynamoDB table can have different attributes. For example, one item can have five attributes, while another has only one. A table can store items containing multiple data types. There’s no need to predefine the number of items in a table. Items in a table can’t have duplicate primary keys.
[^14]: Increasing WCU or enabling Auto Scaling will improve write performance against a table. Increasing or decreasing RCU won’t improve performance for writes. Decreasing WCU will make write performance worse.
[^15]: A scan requires reading every partition on which the table is stored. A query occurs against the primary key, enabling DynamoDB to read only the partition where the matching item is stored. Writing and updating an item are not read-intensive operations.
[^16]: A primary key must be unique within a table. A full name, phone number, or city may not be unique, as some customers may share the same name or phone number. A randomly generated customer ID number would be unique and appropriate for use as a primary key.
[^17]: Dense compute nodes use magnetic disks. Dense storage nodes use SSDs. There are no such nodes as dense memory or cost-optimized.
[^18]: Redshift Spectrum can analyze structured data stored in S3. There is no such service as Redshift S3. Amazon Athena can analyze structured data in S3, but it’s not a feature of Redshift. Amazon RDS doesn’t analyze data stored in S3.
[^19]: A data warehouse stores large amounts of structured data from other relational databases. It’s not called a data storehouse or a report cluster. Dense storage node is a type of Redshift compute node.
[^20]: Dense storage nodes can be used in a cluster to store up to 2 PB of data. Dense compute nodes can be used to store up to 326 TB of data.